Create a checklist for all zcash PRs (#3948)
zcash/zcash: .github/pull_request_template.md

Please ensure this checklist is followed for any pull requests for this repo. This checklist must be checked by both the PR creator and by anyone who reviews the PR.

> * [ ] Relevant documentation for this PR has to be completed and reviewed by the documentation team (Paige, Marshall, or Eirik) before the PR can be merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Relevant documentation for this PR has to be completed and reviewed by the documentation team (@ioptio, @mdr0id, or @Eirik0) before the PR can be merged
```

This would inform PR authors of the GitHub users they need to interact with regarding documentation. However, it would also I believe mean that these three get notified by every single PR that is opened. Not sure whether that is a bug or a feature :smile:

> * [ ] Relevant documentation for this PR has to be completed and reviewed by the documentation team (@ioptio, @mdr0id, or @Eirik0) before the PR can be merged

Reviewer: A valid parsing of this sentence is that the documentation has to be completed **by** the documentation team, rather than the PR author. Probably doesn't matter though, since the important part is that the documentation is completed 😄

> * [ ] Relevant documentation for this PR has to be completed and reviewed by the documentation team (@ioptio, @mdr0id, or @Eirik0) before the PR can be merged

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ ] Relevant documentation for this PR has to be completed, and reviewed by the documentation team (@ioptio, @mdr0id, or @Eirik0), before the PR can be merged
```
